feat: color: add HSV methods to slint (#4819)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/syntax/types.md

All colors and brushes define the following methods:

> - **`linear-mix(other: brush, factor: float) -> brush`**

Author: Looks like a leftover from a rebase issue I had. Removed now.

    Returns a new color with the opacity decreased by `factor`.
    The transparency is obtained by multiplying the alpha channel by `(1 - factor)`.

-  **`with_alpha(alpha: float) -> brush`**

    Returns a new color with the alpha value set to `alpha` (between 0 and 1)

> - **`to-hsv()->{hue: float, saturation: float, value: float}`**
> 
>     Returns a struct with the fields in the HSV colorspace.
>     Hue is between 0 and 360 while saturation and value are between 0 and 1.
> 

Reviewer: Either this:

```suggestion
- **`to-hsv()->{hue: float, saturation: float, value: float, alpha: float}`**

    Converts this color to the HSV color space and returns a struct with the `hue`, `saturation`, `value`,
    and `alpha` fields. `hue` is between 0 and 360 while `saturation`, `value`, and `alpha` are between 0 and 1.

```

or

```suggestion
- **`to-hsv()->{hue: float, saturation: float, value: float}`**

    Converts this color to the HSV color space and returns a struct with the `hue`, `saturation`, and `value`
    fields. `hue` is between 0 and 360 while `saturation` and `value` are between 0 and 1.
    The Color's alpha value is discarded.
```

I think the former makes more sense though, as we ... don't really discard it.
